Update Service Catalog Onboarding docs (#16432)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/service_catalog/service_definition_api.md

## Overview

> A service is an independent, deployable unit of software. Datadog [Unified Service Tagging][1] provides a standard way to manage and monitor service ownership consistently across every telemetry type. Service Catalog allows you to add and manage metadata for existing services from APM, USM, and RUM, and add user-defined service entries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service is an independent, deployable unit of software. Datadog [Unified Service Tagging][1] provides a standard way to manage and monitor service ownership consistently across every telemetry type. Service Catalog allows you to add user-defined service entries and manage metadata for existing services from APM, USM, and RUM. 
```

> A service is an independent, deployable unit of software. Datadog [Unified Service Tagging][1] provides a standard way to manage and monitor service ownership consistently across every telemetry type. Service Catalog allows you to add and manage metadata for existing services (from APM, USM, and RUM) and add new, user-defined service entires. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service is an independent, deployable unit of software. Datadog [Unified Service Tagging][1] provides a standard way to manage and monitor service ownership consistently across every telemetry type. Service Catalog allows you to add and manage metadata for existing services from APM, USM, and RUM, and add user-defined service entries. 
```
